Goal	:	Minumum 320 total

		Verbal	Math	Total
Mock exam 1:	152	162	314
Mock exam 2:	-	-	-
Real exam  :	-	-	-

Mock exam 1:
-----------

ISSUE
The speaker believe that within a nation all the students should study a standard curriculum until they enter college. I have to concede that this thought is partially correct because it would enable students to easily enter college and give fairly equal opportunities to everyone. On the other hand, it might inadvertenly discourage prodigious students and challenge  students with lack of atention or lack of some abilities, slow the educational system and overlook immediate necesities for the regions within the nations.

It is certain that students should have a core knowledge, without it, entering the college or higher education will be not only challenging for himself, but also difficult to handle for the class. We can elucidate the case where teamwork is involved on a research topic that requires precision and time management, if one of the elements of the group fails to elaborate well his argument, that will mean more work will be handled by the other team members, or that the project will be incomplete

Nevertheless, this idea will not hold when we consider the diversity of the people, and their motivation to study certain matters: for laggard students it would be painful and for prodigious students will be dull. The final effect is perjuditial for both sides, and also for the system itself. For one side some students will feel discouraged and will transmit this feeling to future generations, and on the other side, will feel boring and take thing for granted.

Also, this kind of idea, it is not encouraging local necesities of the citizens. For instance in some countries, the studies present on the forest area, like forest control, dissease control and similar issues would not require exactly the same knowledge acquired on the city. That is why it should encourage studies from within each region to study its own relevant issues.

In conclussion, even though the idea of having a common ground would be beneficial for the average person for thus it would loutly provide equality for everyone, it will hinder the development of flourish students, undermine the general system and not focus on germane issues for each region. Thus, I found the speaker statement, at most, specious.

ARGUMENT
The business manager of a television station has declared that their company should restore the time devoted to the weather and local news. The pillars of his statement are: (1) the complains of some viewers (2) the fact that some business stopped to announce on the media. These statements are not supported and thus should not be considered as evidence to enforce the restoration of time slots on the television program.

First, it is not specified the relevance of the complains: neither the number of the complains or specifically who make them are stated or even slightly mentioned. Could it be that by complains, the manager means two or three? could it be that the ones who make the calls could get some benefit from the change? We just can't assume or elaborate over what we don't know.

Second, It is not clearly announce why the local business stop advertising with the news. Could it be that the general quality, or methodology used to present media from the anchor is inadequate? On the era of technology changes, internet has become a bast source of general and fast information, from news to studies and hobbies. Less and less people watch TV for this matter, so it's not surprise that local bussiness might have been well aware of this and decided to invest on other sources.

Also,  if we analize the whole picture, the previous change on time slots for the programs were based on some needs. It is not stated why the make the change on the first place. On a globalized world, where one action on one side of the world, can impact several of business and thus, several of lifes on another side of the globe, it is logical that national news are an intermideate level of this scale. 

Additionally on the core of the change, is it really necesary to spend a whole lecture on weather forecast? the time required to transmit effectively this information on the nowadays world should be small. And the elucid idea of over five minutes to wait for this information seems inadequate.

Since the statement pillars of the business manager are not clear, as well as some ther intrinsic aspecs, the proposal to restore the time devoted to local news and weather is not well fundamented and would require more additional information to make a decision on the topic. 